0
The Beginning
You stand alone before the bleak, concrete building, armed with nothing but your wits and the collar in your hand.
It took you weeks to track down this address: the headquarters of the Invisible Org.
Everyone in this city knows of the Org and their shadowy undertakings, how no illicit or immoral activity happens without their knowing about it... but what would they want with a dog?
You have no idea, but with the symbol of the Org carved into the dirt of your backyard and your best friend missing, there could be no other explanation.
You steel yourself and take a step towards the door.
Type ENTER to Continue.
----
1
Front Desk
You enter and are surprised to see what looks like a perfectly regular gym.
Posters along the walls advertise weightlifting classes and boxing matches, and the sign above the front desk reads ‘I/O Gym’ in giant letters.
“Welcome to I/O Gym” says a bored voice, bringing your attention to the KID behind the desk. Hmm... He looks familiar.
----
2
Locker Room
You walk past the front desk, through the door, and into what seems to be a locker room.
It’s empty apart from the LOCKERS lining the wall and a lone GYM BAG on one of the benches.
There is a door hanging slightly ajar to your LEFT, and up ahead is a door marked RING.
----
3
Storage Closet
Wow. It’s pretty cramped in here.
You find yourself standing in a tiny storage room, just big enough for the SHELVES of gym equipment lining the wall, opposite a small DESK.
The only way out is through the same DOOR you used to enter.
----
4
Boxing Ring
You enter the ring to see Brad in the opposite corner.
He looks up at the sound of you entering and cracks a smile. “What, did you come to make some more wild accusations?” “Not quite,” you say.
You take a deep breath and mentally go over the evidence you’ve collected as you prepare to confront BRAD. The thought of turning around to LEAVE crosses your mind.
----
5
Front Desk
You’ve now entered onto the 2nd Floor.
Directly in front of you is the pool but only people who have a pool pass can enter that area talk to the DESK MANAGER for more information.
----
6
Pool
You just entered the pool area.
Look there’s a SMOOTHIE GUY over there he might be able to help you out.
----
7
Sauna
Sauna goer: Hey you! You look pretty sturdy, let’s BATTLE to see who gets to the massage tables next!
----
8
Massage Room
You’ve finally made it to the Massage Room.
You can either get a MASSAGE to help restore some of your health or EXPLORE to find your way to the 3rd floor.
----
9
Hostess Stand
You emerge from the stairs and are met with the entrance to a high end restaurant. Wasn’t this a gym on the last floor? What kind of operation is the Org running here?
Your eyes meet the stare of the woman behind the hostess STAND. “Welcome to the Canteen, how can I-” She stops abruptly, her face turning pale to match the white chef’s hat on her head.
“You’re not supposed to be here.” She turns away and heads deeper IN to the restaurant. What a strange reaction.
----
10
Dining Room
You enter the dining room and expect to be surrounded by tables, but instead only see one.
The long wooden table looks like it would be more at home in a boardroom than a dining room, and is empty apart from one pile of PAPER.
You can go IN to the kitchen or OUT to the hostess station from here.
----
11
Kitchen
The kitchen is spotless and filled with industrial appliances.
It seems geared towards making large batches, and there are several scales on the counter.
An empty bottle in the TRASH catches your eye. You can go back OUT to the dining room or into the freezer on the RIGHT.
----
12
Freezer
You enter the walk-in freezer and try not to lose your nerve.
Through your fogged breath, you see the CHEF, lying in wait.
It isn’t too late to turn around and go back OUT to the kitchen. What’s your move?
----
13
Reception
You enter a sterile-looking waiting room and are met with a curt greeting. “You’re late. You were meant to be-” The woman behind the reception desk stops abruptly as she looks up.
“You’re not allowed up here.” You start to explain yourself but don’t get the chance before she rushes OUT of the room through the door behind her.
Nothing is left in the waiting room except you and some BROCHURES.
----
14
Hallway
The hallway you find yourself in is clinical and sparse.
There is a single POSTER on the wall, one LOCKER and a door to your LEFT and your RIGHT.
----
15
Kennel
The first thing you notice upon entering the room is the smell.
The second thing to attract your attention is the CABINET you almost bump into.
As you take in the rest of the room, you realize the smell is the scent of dogs.
This is a kennel! You scan the wall of CAGES, hoping desperately to find Doug.
You also notice the only way to leave this room is OUT the way you came in.
----
16
Exam Room
You enter what seems to be an exam room, filled with apprehension.
You see a shadowy figure across the room. This is your last chance to back out.
Do you take the exit OUT into the hallway, or confront the VET?
----
17
Secretary/Main Office
You just entered the final floor, the current room you’re in is the Main Office.
Speak to the SECRETARY to see how you can get into that Conference Room.
----
18
Conference Room
Office Worker: Hello, can I help you with something? I think you might’ve lost your way. (Type BATTLE to enter fighting sequence.)
----
19
Accounting Office
In this room you can restore your health by typing WATER or move to the next room by typing NEXT.
----
20
Boss’ Office
You have now entered the Boss’ Office and you see Doug trapped in a cage. BATTLE the Boss to retrieve the key to set Doug free.
----